Cancellation and Return Policy
Cancellation
Cancellation before shipment (Only valid on orders placed & delivery in India):
If the order of the item(s) that you want to cancel has not been shipped yet, you can raise your cancellation request via the following routes :

Via 'My Orders' section
Go to your account > Click on 'Orders' > Go to the order you want to cancel and select 'Order Details' > Click on 'Cancel Item' > Select the item(s) in your order that you would like to cancel and provide the reason for cancellation and 'Confirm' > Once submitted, your item(s) will be cancelled and your refund will be processed.
Via the Help Center
Click on 'Have a Concern' > 'Write To Us' > 'Submit a Request' > Provide us with your order ID details and your request to cancel your order. > Our service representative will review your query and revert in 24 hours.
Via Email or Call
Send an email to our customer support team at support@nykaa.com to cancel your order along with your order ID details. Or call us on 1800-267-4444 (Monday To Sunday, 8AM to 10PM).
How will I get refunded for the cancelled orders and how long will this process take?
In case of cancellation before shipment, we initiate the refund within 24-48 business hours after receiving the cancellation request.

In case of cancellation once the shipment has already been dispatched or if it is being returned, we process the refund once the products have been received and verified at our warehouse.

For payments done through credit/debit cards or net banking, the refund will be initiated to the same account from which the payment was made within 24-48 business hours of us receiving the products back. It may take 5 business days for the amount to reflect in your account.
COD refund will not be applicable in Cancellation scenario as Pre dispatch will not involve cash transaction & post dispatch leads to refund in source account.It will take an additional 5 business days for the amount to reflect in your account.
We do not offer wallet refunds for cancellations
What if I used discount vouchers or loyalty points during time of payment and I have to cancel my order?
Discount vouchers are intended for one-time use only and shall be treated as used even if you cancel the order.
If you had redeemed loyalty points for an order, the same will be credited back to your account in the case of a cancellation.

Returns, Replacements and Refunds
How do I return an item purchased on Nykaa?
Indian Orders:
Nykaa offers its customers an ’Easy return policy’, wherein you can raise a return/exchange request of a product within 15 days of its delivery. We also accept partial returns wherein you can raise a return request for one or all products in your order.

Step 1: Follow one of the following steps:
Go to ‘Account’ section
Click on 'Orders'. Go to the order and select 'Have a Concern'. Proceed with reason for return.
Via Help Center
Click on 'Write to us' > Click on 'Submit a Request' > Provide us with your order details alongwith your relevant request. Kindly share an image of the product and the invoice for our reference
Via Email
Share an email to our Customer support team at support@nykaa.com within 15 business days of receiving the order.
Step 2: Once your request is received, based on the outcome of the return raised, we will pick the item from you. We will initiate the refund or replacement process only if the products are received by us in their original packaging with their seals, labels and bar-codes intact.
Note: If it is a case of replacement, it is subject to the availability of stock. In cases when a replacement may not be available, we will refund you the full amount.

Which are the items that cannot be returned/exchanged?
Returns will not be accepted under the following conditions:
Product is damaged due to misuse/overuse
Returned without original packaging including, price tags, labels, original packing, freebies and other accessories or if original packaging is damaged
Serial Number is tampered with.
Defective products that are not covered under Seller/Manufacturer’s warranty
Product is used or altered
If request is initiated after 15 business days of order delivery
Free product provided by brand
Categories not eligible for Return:
Customized Products (eg: lipsticks, compacts, mascaras, etc) cannot be returned since they are available during select promotions and ordered on demand
Personal care appliances cannot be returned due to hygiene issues
Please note: For certain marketing campaigns or mega sale periods, special return/exchange/refund rules may apply. Information regarding this is visible on the promotion banner. For any clarification, please feel free to contact our customer care.

I have received a damaged or defective item/wrong product in my order, how should I proceed?
Our shipments go through rigorous quality check processes before they leave our warehouse. However in the rare case that your product is damaged during shipment or transit, you can request for a replacement or cancellation and refund.

If you have received an item in a damaged/defective condition or have been sent a wrong product, you can follow a few simple steps to initiate your return/refund within 15 days of receiving the order:

Step 1: Follow one of the following steps:
Go to ‘Account’ section
Click on 'Orders'. Go to the order and select 'Have a Concern'. Proceed with reason for return.
Via Help Center
Click on 'Write to us' > Click on 'Submit a Request' > Provide us with your order details alongwith your relevant request. Kindly share an image of the product and the invoice for our reference
Via Email
Share an email to our Customer support team at support@nykaa.com within 15 business days of receiving the order.
Step 2: Once your request is received, based on the outcome of the return raised, we will pick the item from you. We will initiate the refund or replacement process only if the products are received by us in their original packaging with their seals, labels and bar-codes intact.
Note: If it is a case of replacement, it is subject to the availability of stock. In cases when a replacement may not be available, we will refund you the full amount.

Do I have to return the free gift when I return a product?
Yes. The free gift is included as a part of the item order and needs to be returned along with the originally delivered product.

Can I return part of my order?
Yes. A return can be created at item level and if you have ordered multiple items, you can initiate a return/replacement/refund for any individual item. However, any product being returned needs to be returned in full including all components as well as any complimentary gifts or products which came along with it.

How will I get refunded for the returned orders and how long will this process take?
In case of a return/replacement/refund, we process the refund once the products have been received and verified at our warehouse.

For payments done through credit/debit cards or net banking ,the refund will be initiated to the same account from which the payment was made within 24-48 business hours of us receiving the products back. It may take 5 business days for the amount to reflect in your account.
For cash on delivery transactions ,we will initiate a bank transfer against the refund amount against the billing details shared by you. This process will be completed within 24-48 business hours of us receiving the products back. It will take 5 business days for the amount to reflect in your account.
In addition, we also provide the hassle-free option of refund through Nykaa coupons, which can be used during future purchases.